always for winter fishing here on the
bench we find the elastic this
the particular elastic the slabs o
our true love love elastic tubular
style use in the two smaller sizes
and a 82 mm mm 16 very elastic
very often use the service for
winter carbon fishing as
they are very fluid in spillage
they go out a lot so that even having to
catch konami quite delicate and
subtle ends allow you to save
some more fish, the nylon that is
It often uses it to the podium winter
also another tip that
I can give is to try to use the
valence mother and without without having to
put the terminal to use the
row straight this way
meanwhile one always checks better
floating especially on fishing and
it was said before about off-shore fishing
because the thinnest nylon will succeed
others tone the area and one at the most
control on the floats and also not
there are breaking points
to recite critical issues as per
example the nodes that in this case
being a straight line there is a knot on the mo
is practically the junction and on
penalty and which can be useful can be
made even without known is a
very interesting accessory because it has
practically in its structure
an absolute novelty that is this branch
you who would be is one of the series of the
law input we have practically created
a connection device between
the elastic and the fork through the
swivels to cancel all the twists
and Syrians are broke
so you went all the time
face to catapult yours
maggots as reported vertically
the sling is always ready for use
the cesr stellino has been studied with
this form with this material for
to be able to concentrate and convey the
kittens in a quite area
contained just thinks enough
enclosed just so as not to scatter
the larvae and also far from the point of
chosen physics